Replace yeatmanlab with tractometry wherever that appears. (#2)
tractometry/pyAFQ: docs/source/howto/developing/index.rst

3 - Code which describes tasks within the tractometry workflow.
    **For most contributors, this is a good place to start**. The user-facing API/CLI
    use a workflow automatically constructed from these discrete tasks,

>     as described in `tasks <https://tractometry.github.io/pyAFQ/developing/tasks.html>`_ .

Author: ```suggestion
    as described in `tasks <https://tractometry.org/pyAFQ/developing/tasks.html>`_ .
```

    For shorter tasks, one may only need to edit the relevant task file.
    For longer tasks, one can add to the files containing low-level
    functionality.

4 - Code which describes 'definitions', classes which help users describe
    inputs to pyAFQ. These have particular requirements and must be

>     BIDS compatible, see `here <https://tractometry.github.io/pyAFQ/developing/definitions.html>`_ .

Author: ```suggestion
    BIDS compatible, see `here <https://tractometry.org/pyAFQ/developing/definitions.html>`_ .
```
